Differences Between Mobile and cloud computing:

Cloud computing, allows you to store your files and folders in a ‚Äúcloud‚Äù area on the Internet, allowing you access to all of your files and folders wherever you are in the world ‚Äì but you do need a physical device with Internet access to access it.

Mobile computing is taking a physical device with you. This could be a laptop or a mobile phone or some device which enables you to telework ‚Äì working wherever you go because of the small size of the device you‚Äôre using


Cloud Computing:

a)Cloud computing is an expression used to describe a variety of computing concepts that involve a large number of
  computers connected through a real-time communication network such as the Internet.
b)Cloud services are used today to store, manage, and process a wide variety of data applications.
  Cloud computing has taken the industry by storm because it enables greater accessibility, mobility, subscription
  based pricing, and real-time access to informationóall without requiring investment in infrastructure.
c)Allows you to store your files and folders in a ìcloudî area on the Internet,
  allowing you access to all of your files and folders wherever you are in the world.
  But you do need a physical device with Internet access to access it.
d)High processing power,large tranmission power,high bandwidth and  battery power.
e)clients for cloud computing are computers.



Mobile Computing:

a)Mobile computing is the ability to use computing capability without a pre-defined location and/or connection to 
  a network to publish and/or subscribe to information.
b)Is taking a physical device with you.This could be a laptop or a mobile phone or some device which enables you 
  to telework-working wherever you go because of the small size of the device youíre using.
c)clients for mobile cloud computing are cell phones.
d)The mobile cloud focuses on services available through mobile network operators.
e)Limited processing power, limited transmission power, low bandwidth, and limited battery power.